I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
 What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
 Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
 "Dad, do you think it's going to snow this winter?" "I dont know, its all up in the air"
 What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
 The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything"
 What do you call two guys hanging out by your window? Kurt & Rod.
 Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
 Why can't eggs have love? They will break up too soon.
 What do bees do after they are married? They go on a honeymoon.
 What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
 Without geometry life is pointless.
 What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
 Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
 How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
 Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
 I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
 Some people say that comedians who tell one too many light bulb jokes soon burn out, but they don't know watt they are talking about. They're not that bright.
 When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
 Archaeology really is a career in ruins.
 What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?
 
 I don't know and I don't care.
 What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
 
 What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
 I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it!
 If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
 What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
 What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
 I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
 Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, “man, it’s really hot in here”. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, “WHOA, a talking muffin!”
 Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’
 I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
 I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem. I call it my Trail Mix.
 Why did the clown have neck pain? - Because he slept funny
 What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
 Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
 A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
 The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew in their army knife.
 What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
 What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
 An ion! 
 What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
 Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
 Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
 I’ve just been reading a book about anti-gravity, it’s impossible to put down!
 People saying 'boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year.... That's a frightening statistic.
 How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
 As I get older, I think of all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide wasn't such a good idea.
 Got a new suit recently made entirely of living plants. I wasn’t sure at first, but it’s grown on me
 What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
 Where did Captain Hook get his hook? From a second hand store.
 How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
 I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
 My boss told me to have a good day... so I went home.
 Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. 
 He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. 
 This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
 I tried to write a chemistry joke, but could never get a reaction.
 What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open windows.
 How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
 Got a new suit recently made entirely of living plants. I wasn’t sure at first, but it’s grown on me
 Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
 Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
 I'm practicing for a bug-eating contest and I've got butterflies in my stomach.
 A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
 How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
 Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peek-a-boo accident? To the I.C.U.
 What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
 The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
 Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.
 When will the little snake arrive? I don't know but he won't be long...
 There are two types of people in this world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
 What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
 What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
 Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water?  Because he was a little horse!
 What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome
 Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
 which flower is most fierce? Dandelion
 What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
 Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle?
 
 Doctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are.
 
 Me: Trick question... dogs can't whistle.
 I saw my husband trip and fall while carrying a laundry basket full of ironed clothes. I watched it all unfold.
 Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
 What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
 I wish I could clean mirrors for a living. It's just something I can see myself doing.
 Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
 Why is there always a gate around cemeteries? Because people are always dying to get in.
 What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
 Wife: Honey I’m pregnant.
 
 Me: Well…. what do we do now?
 
 Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor.
 
 Me: Hm.. I think I’d be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
 How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
 I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She’s a keeper.
 I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
 I remember when I was a kid, I opened my fridge and noticed one of my vegetables were crying. I guess I have some emotional cabbage.
 It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws.
 Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
 I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
 Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
 What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
 Toasters were the first form of pop-up notifications.
 How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
 What’s the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there’s a mile between the two S’s.
 Velcro… What a rip-off.
 Coffee has a tough time at my house, every morning it gets mugged.
 My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
 "Dad, do you think it's going to snow this winter?" "I dont know, its all up in the air"
 Updated on Sat Mar 15 03:09:01 UTC 2025
 